## IoT Cebu Meeting Minutes (07-08-2017)

| Attendees                   |
| --------------------------- |
| Kristoffer                  |
| Jesus (@jesbacals)          |
| Lester (and his 3 students) |
| Ron                         |
| Beau                        |

### Meeting with Mega Cebu (IoT) Challenge
- Canceled due to an unforeseen emergency situation in Mhike's house. Grace couldn't join us as well because of a meeting with an investor. Sir Rigan was out of town.

**To Dos:**
- [ ] IoT Cebu team to review mechanics of last year's Mega Cebu IoT Challenge.
- [ ] IoT Cebu and MegaCebu to agree on and iron out IoT Cebu's role for the upcoming event.
- [ ] Mhike and IoT Cebu team to reschedule meeting.

### SlingShot Event Participation
- Event date: August 8-9, 2017
- There will be a shared booth for Communities. IoT Cebu is one of the communities invited.
- How to showcase IoT Cebu? Below are the ideas shared during the meeting:
	- Official IoT Cebu Tarp for events.
    - Need to meet to finalize content.
  	- Pictures/Slideshow/Videos of IoT Cebu activities (workshops, event pics, gatherings, etc.)
  	- Wearing of official IoT Cebu shirt designed by Karl Michael (design studies still on-going).
  	- Update IoT Cebu website ( http://iotcebu.io ).
	- For IoT Cebu members who have their own startups or businesses, they will have their own booth (BitStoc Electronics for example).
 		- Contact Ms. Marilyn Tancinco for review, screening, and inclusion.

**To Dos:**
- [ ] Kristoffer @coolnumber9 to contact Karl Michael if he is available to design the Tarp.
- [ ] Kristoffer @coolnumber9 to follow-up Karl Michael on the official IoT Cebu shirt design.
- [ ] IoT Cebu Team to collate pictures and videos for the slideshow. 
- [ ] Update IoT Cebu official website (c/o Vince @vynci if he is not busy).

### Other Matters
- Moved to next meeting.